[DOCS] Update snapshot retention details (#1047)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/anomaly-detection/model-snapshots.asciidoc

To ensure resilience in the event of a system failure, snapshots of the {ml}
model for each {anomaly-job} are saved to an internal index within the {es}
cluster. The amount of time necessary to save these snapshots is proportional to
the size of the model in memory. By default, snapshots are captured
approximately every 3 to 4 hours. You can change this interval
(`background_persist_interval`) when you create or update a job.

To reduce the number of snapshots consuming space on your cluster, at the end of

> each day, old snapshots are automatically deleted. By default, if there are

Author: Do we need to cover how age is calculated here too? For example:
```suggestion
each day, old snapshots are automatically deleted. The age of each snapshot is calculated relative to the timestamp of the most recent snapshot. By default, if there are
```

Reviewer: Yes, we probably should, because it's natural to think of "age" as being relative to now, and that's not the case here.

Author: Thanks, I've implemented those changes.

> snapshots over one day old, only the first snapshot for each day is retained.

Author: Likewise, incorporating relative age:
```suggestion
snapshots over one day older than the most recent snapshot, only the first snapshot for each day is retained.
```

To ensure resilience in the event of a system failure, snapshots of the {ml}
model for each {anomaly-job} are saved to an internal index within the {es}
cluster. The amount of time necessary to save these snapshots is proportional to
the size of the model in memory. By default, snapshots are captured
approximately every 3 to 4 hours. You can change this interval

> (`background_persist_interval`) when you create or update a job.

Reviewer 2: Should we link to the APIs where the users can change the interval?
